ENH: add OHBM23 educational talk (#30)
nipreps/nipreps.github.io: docs/users/educational.md

## QC protocols and Standard Operating Procedures

> - [SOPs-cookiecutter, a template repository for version-controlled SOPs](https//github.com/nipreps/sops-cookiecutter). The exemplar template is rendered [here](../../mriqc-sops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SOPs-cookiecutter, a template repository for version-controlled SOPs](https//github.com/nipreps/sops-cookiecutter). The example template is rendered [here](/sops-cookiecutter/)
```
